Title: Main Menus
Date: 2017-06-11 10:20
slug: menus
status: hidden
lang: en


# File

## New 

### Map 

### Chat 

### Notes

### Vectorial Map

### Character sheet

### Shared notes

## Open

### Map

### Picture

### Picture On Line

### Note

### Scenario

### Vectorial Map

### CharacterSheet

### Shared notes


## Recent files


## Save 

## Save As…

## Save All

## Save Scenario

## Save Scenario As…

## Close

## Preferences

## Quit

# Edit

## Undo

Undo the latest action.

## Redo

Perform the latest canceled action

## Shortcuts viewer

Displays a panel with all shortcuts.
Best way to learn how to do thing quickly with Rolisteam.


# Subwindows

## Reorganize

submenu which allow you to rearrange the contents of the workspace.

### Tab



### Cascade

Subwindows are arranged one over the others with a slight gap between each one.

### Tile

The windows are arranged next to each other.

## Map

### Show PC Name

### Show NPC Name

### Show NPC Number 

### Show health state

## Background Music

## Notification Zone

## Resources Explorer

## Chatroom list

## Player list

## Any Opened media


# Network

## Disconnect
## Reconnect
## Change Profile
## RoomList

# GM tool box

## Name Generator

## Unit Converter

## Dice Bookmark

# Help

##   Help Rolisteam
Open up this documentation

##  Support Rolisteam

##  About
 show informations about rolisteam like authors, version, license, etc...











New empty map
Opens a window for setting the size and background color of the map.
After validating the map is created among all users. Is accessible only
by the GM.


## Open map
Opens a file selector. The user can either select an picture (JPEG, PNG
or BMP), in which case it will be used as a map or select a map file
(extension PLA) which will be open as it is and sent to other users. Is
accessible only by the GM.

## Open map and hide
As Open map but the map is fully covered by the fog colour to players.
Is accessible only by the GM.

## Open scenario
The user must select the scenario he wants to open. A scenario contains
maps and pictures that are sent to all users and the notes of the GM. Is
accessible only by the GM.

## Open picture
Asks the user to select the picture (JPEG, PNG or BMP) he wishes to be
seen by the other players. The person who opened the picture is the only
one with the GM who can close it.

## Open Notes
The user must select a previously saved file of notes. It is
automatically loaded into the notes editor. Loading a file of notes that
was not generated by Rolisteam gives an indeterminate result.


## Close Map / picture

Close the map or picture in the forefront of the workspace. The map or
the picture is permanently closed to all users. Is accessible only by
the GM for maps and only the owner and the GM for the pictures.


## Backup map

Backup the last map selected in the file specified by the user. Is
accessible only by the GM.

## Save scenario

Save all maps and pictures of the party and the notes of the user in the
specified file. Is accessible only by the GM.

## Save Notes

Saves the contents of the editor notes in an HTML file. It can be
accessed using a web browser.

## Preferences

Lets you set the different folders used by Rolisteam .

## Leave

Closes the application after saving all chats.



# Subwindows

-   View names PC: if the line is checked, the names of the PC is
    displayed under the disk that represents himon the maps. Otherwise
    the name of the PC is not indicated.
-   Show NPC names: If checked, the names of the NPCs are displayed
    under the disk that represents them.
-   Show number of NPC : show or hide the numbers of NPCs, for all the
    NPCs and in all maps.

# Dialogs

-   Reorganize:  It contains the following items :
-   Cascade : 
-   Tiles: 
-   Events: Shows or hides the window reporting the events integrated
    into the workspace.
-   Connected players show or hide the list of connected players. Note
    that if you hide this window you will not be notified of new
    messages on chat rooms.
-   Background music show or hide the music player.
-   Notes Editor: Shows or hides the note editor. One can also check or
    uncheck the box in front of his name in the list of connected
    players.
-   Chats: sub-menu containing the list of available chat rooms that you
    can show or hide.
-   List of maps and pictures: All pictures and maps are open later in
    the menu, you can show or hide each one by checking / unchecking.


